PR for SRVLOGIC-482: Add "Supporting services eventing system configurations" section in the OSL product docs. (#85650)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-supporting-services-eventing-system-config.adoc

A workflow deployed in the same namespace with the `preview` or `gitops` profile and without a custom eventing system configuration, automatically links to a specified Broker.

[IMPORTANT]
====
In production environments, use a production-ready broker, such as the Knative Kafka Broker, for enhanced scalability and reliability.
====

The following example displays how to configure the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR for a platform-scoped eventing system:

.Example of platform-scoped eventing system configuration 
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowPlatform
metadata:
  name: sonataflow-platform-example
  namespace: example-namespace
spec:
  eventing:
    broker:
      ref:
        name: example-broker <1>
        namespace: example-broker-namespace <2>
        apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
        kind: Broker
----

<1> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker name.

> <2> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. If you do not specify a value, the parameter defaults to the `SonataFlowPlatform` namespace. Consider creating the Broker in the same namespace as the `SonataFlowPlatform`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. If you do not specify a value, the parameter defaults to the `SonataFlowPlatform` namespace. Consider creating the broker in the same namespace as `SonataFlowPlatform`.
```

== Data Index eventing system configuration

To configure a service-scoped eventing system for the Data Index, you must use the `spec.services.dataIndex.source.ref` field in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR to refer to a specific Knative Eventing Broker. This configuration instructs the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to automatically link the Data Index to consume SonataFlow system events from that Broker.

[IMPORTANT]
====
In production environments, use a production-ready broker, such as the Knative Kafka Broker, for enhanced scalability and reliability.
====

The following example displays the Data Index eventing system configuration:

.Example of Data Index eventing system configuration 
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowPlatform
metadata:
  name: sonataflow-platform-example
spec:
  services:
    dataIndex:
      source:
        ref:
          name: data-index-source-example-broker <1>
          namespace: data-index-source-example-broker-namespace <2>
          apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
          kind: Broker
----

<1> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker from which the Data Index consumes events.

> <2> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. If you do not specify a value, the parameter defaults to the `SonataFlowPlatform` namespace. Consider creating the Broker in the same namespace as the `SonataFlowPlatform`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. If you do not specify a value, the parameter defaults to the `SonataFlowPlatform` namespace. Consider creating the Broker in the same namespace as `SonataFlowPlatform`.
```

[id="serverless-logic-job-service-eventing-system-config_{context}"]
== Job Service eventing system configuration

To configure a service-scoped eventing system for the Job Service, you must use the `spec.services.jobService.source.ref` and `spec.services.jobService.sink.ref` fields in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR. These fields instruct the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to automatically link the Job Service to consume and produce SonataFlow system events, based on the provided configuration.

[IMPORTANT]
====
In production environments, use a production-ready broker, such as the Knative Kafka Broker, for enhanced scalability and reliability.
====

The following example displays the Job Service eventing system configuration:

> .Example of Job Service eventing system configuration 

Author: I will remove the example heading

          apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
          kind: Broker
----

<1> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker from which the Job Service consumes events.
<2> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. By default, this is the `SonataFlowPlatform` namespace. It is recommended to create the Knative Eventing Broker in the same namespace as the `SonataFlowPlatform`.
<3> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker on which the Job Service produces events.
<4> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. By default, this is the `SonataFlowPlatform` namespace. It is recommended to create the Knative Eventing Broker in the same namespace as the `SonataFlowPlatform`.

[id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-cluster-scoped-eventing-system-config_{context}"]
== Cluster-scoped eventing system configuration for Supporting Services

When you deploy cluster-scoped supporting services, the supporting services automatically link to the Broker specified in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR, which is referenced by the `SonataFlowClusterPlatform` CR.

[id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-eventing-system-precedence-rule_{context}"]

> == Eventing system configuration precedence rules for Supporting Services

Author: That is correct! It should be in the lower case

The rules are as follows:

1. If the supporting service has its own eventing system configuration, using either the Data Index eventing system or the Job Service eventing system configuration, then supporting service's configuration takes precedence.

2. If the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR enclosing the supporting service is configured with a platform-scoped eventing system, that configuration takes precedence.

3. If the current cluster is configured with a cluster-scoped eventing system, that configuration takes precedence.

4. If none of the previous configurations exist, the supporting service uses direct HTTP calls to deliver events.

[id="serverless-logic-eventing-system-linking-objects_{context}"]
== Eventing system linking configuration

The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} automatically creates Knative Eventing, `SinkBindings`, and triggers to link supporting services with the eventing system. These objects enable the production and consumption of events by the supporting services.

The following example displays the Knative Native eventing objects created for the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR:

> .Example of SonataFlowPlatform eventing system configuration

Author: I will remove the example heading

data-index-process-state-fbf285df-c0a4-4545-b77a-c232ec2890e2     example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-data-index-service     106s  7 OK / 7    True    -
data-index-process-variable-ac727d6051750888dedb72f697737c0dfbf   example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-data-index-service     106s  7 OK / 7    True    -
jobs-service-create-job-fbf285df-c0a4-4545-b77a-c232ec2890e2    example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-jobs-service         106s  7 OK / 7    True    -
jobs-service-delete-job-fbf285df-c0a4-4545-b77a-c232ec2890e2    example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-jobs-service         106s  7 OK / 7    True    -
----

To see the SinkBinding for the Job Service, use the following command:

.Knative Eventing SinkBinding created for the Job Service events production
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get sources -n example-namespace
----

.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                          TYPE          RESOURCE                           SINK                    READY
sonataflow-platform-example-jobs-service-sb   SinkBinding   sinkbindings.sources.knative.dev   broker:example-broker   True

> ----

Author: Done!

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * serverless-logic/serverless-logic-managing-supporting-services

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-eventing-system-config_{context}"]
= Supporting services eventing system configurations

This section describes the supporting services eventing system configurations.

In {ServerlessLogicProductName} installation, the following types of events are generated:

* Outgoing and incoming events related to workflow business logic.

* Events sent from workflows to the Data Index and Job Service.

* Events sent from the Job Service to the Data Index Service.

> The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} leverages the Knative Eventing system to manage all event communication between these services, ensuring efficient and reliable event handling.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} leverages the Knative Eventing system to manage all event communication between these events and services, ensuring efficient and reliable event handling.
```

> [id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-platform-scoped-eventing-system-config_{context}"]

Author: Kept it under the same module as the content was not that much and it is a part of the "eventing system".

== Platform-scoped eventing system configuration

To configure a platform-scoped eventing system, you can use the `spec.eventing.broker.ref` field in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR to reference a Knative Eventing Broker. This configuration instructs the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to automatically link the supporting services to produce and consume events using the specified Broker.

Additionally, workflows deployed in the same namespace with the `preview` or `gitops` profile, and without a custom eventing system configuration, will automatically link to the specified Broker.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: NOTE > IMPORTANT?

Seems important to me but I'm no expert!

Author: Changed it to "IMPORTANT"

====
In production environments, use a production-ready broker, such as the Knative Kafka Broker, for enhanced scalability and reliability.
====

The following example displays how to configure the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR for a platform-scoped eventing system:

.Example of platform-scoped eventing system configuration 
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowPlatform
metadata:
  name: sonataflow-platform-example
  namespace: example-namespace
spec:
  eventing:
    broker:
      ref:
        name: example-broker <1>
        namespace: example-broker-namespace <2>
        apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1

>         kind: Broker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        kind: Broker
# ...
```

Not a complete YAML?

Author: It is a complete YAML. I mean it is just a snippet.

----

<1> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker name.

> <2> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. If not specified, it defaults to the SonataFlowPlatform namespace. It is recommended to create the Broker in the same namespace as the SonataFlowPlatform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. If you do not specify a value, the parameter defaults to the `SonataFlowPlatform` namespace. Consider creating the Broker in the same namespace as the `SonataFlowPlatform`.
```

Reviewer 2: See [Claims and recommendations](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=information-claims-recommendations) in the IBM SG.

Author: Thank you!

> [id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-service-scoped-eventing-system-config_{context}"]

Reviewer 2: Consider moving this content to a separate module to facilitate linkage and file findability.

Author: Kept it under the same module as the content was not that much and it is a part of the "eventing system".

== Service-scoped eventing system configuration

A service-scoped eventing system configuration allows for fine-grained control over the eventing system, specifically for the Data Index or the Job Service.

[NOTE]
====

> In {ServerlessLogicProductName} installation, the recommended approach is to use a platform-scoped eventing system configuration. The service-scoped configuration is intended for advanced use cases only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a {ServerlessLogicProductName} installation, consider using a platform-scoped eventing system configuration. The service-scoped configuration is intended for advanced use cases only.
```

====

> [id="serverless-logic-data-index-eventing-system-config_{context}"]

Reviewer 2: Separate module?

Author: Kept it under the same module as the content was not that much and it is a part of the "eventing system".

== Data Index eventing system configuration

To configure a service-scoped eventing system for the Data Index, you must use the `spec.services.dataIndex.source.ref` field in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR to refer to a specific Knative Eventing Broker. This configuration instructs the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to automatically link the Data Index to consume SonataFlow system events from that Broker.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: NOTE > IMPORTANT?

Author: Changed it to "IMPORTANT"

====
In production environments, use a production-ready broker, such as the Knative Kafka Broker, for enhanced scalability and reliability.
====

The following example displays the Data Index eventing system configuration:

.Example of Data Index eventing system configuration 
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowPlatform
metadata:
  name: sonataflow-platform-example
spec:
  services:
    dataIndex:
      source:
        ref:
          name: data-index-source-example-broker <1>
          namespace: data-index-source-example-broker-namespace <2>
          apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1

>           kind: Broker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          kind: Broker
#...
```

Author: It is just a snippet of the YAML

----

<1> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker from which the Data Index consumes events.

> <2> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. By default, it uses the SonataFlowPlatform namespace. It is recommended to create the Knative Eventing Broker in the same namespace as the SonataFlowPlatform.

Reviewer 2: Same as previous comment for callouts.

Author: Done!

====

The following example displays the Job Service eventing system configuration:

.Example of Job Service eventing system configuration 
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowPlatform
metadata:
  name: sonataflow-platform-example
spec:
  services:
    jobService:
      source:
        ref:
          name: jobs-service-source-example-broker <1>
          namespace: jobs-service-source-example-broker-namespace <2>
          apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
          kind: Broker
      sink:
        ref:
          name: jobs-service-sink-example-broker <3>
          namespace: jobs-service-sink-example-broker-namespace <4>
          apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
          kind: Broker
----

<1> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker from which the Job Service consumes events.
<2> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. By default, this is the SonataFlowPlatform namespace. It is recommended to create the Knative Eventing Broker in the same namespace as the SonataFlowPlatform.
<3> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker on which the Job Service produces events.

> <4> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. By default, this is the SonataFlowPlatform namespace. It is recommended to create the Knative Eventing Broker in the same namespace as the SonataFlowPlatform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<4> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. By default, this is the SonataFlowPlatform namespace. It is recommended to create the Knative Eventing Broker in the same namespace as the SonataFlowPlatform.
```

SonataFlowPlatform > `SonataFlowPlatform`?

[id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-cluster-scoped-eventing-system-config_{context}"]
== Cluster-scoped eventing system configuration for Supporting Services

When you deploy cluster-scoped supporting services, the supporting services automatically link to the Broker specified in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR, which is referenced by the `SonataFlowClusterPlatform` CR.

[id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-eventing-system-precedence-rule_{context}"]
== Eventing system configuration precedence rules for Supporting Services

The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} follows a defined order of precedence to configure the eventing system for a supporting service. 

The rules are as follows:

> 1. If the supporting service has its own eventing system configuration, using either the Data Index eventing system or Job Service eventing system configuration, that configuration takes precedence.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If the supporting service has its own eventing system configuration, either the Data Index eventing system or the Job Service eventing system configuration, then supporting service's configuration takes precedence over X.
```

> 2. If the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR enclosing the supporting service is configured with a Platform-scoped eventing system, that configuration takes precedence.

Reviewer 2: SonataFlowPlatform is highlighted here so it should be highlighted elsewhere?

Reviewer 2: Platform-scoped > platform-scoped

Author: Done!

> 3. If the current cluster is configured with a Cluster-scoped eventing system, that configuration takes precedence.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. If the current cluster is configured with a cluster-scoped eventing system, that configuration takes precedence.
```

> 4. If none of the previous configurations exist, the supporting service will use direct HTTP calls to deliver events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. If none of the previous configurations exist, the supporting service uses direct HTTP calls to deliver events.
```

[id="serverless-logic-eventing-system-linking-objects_{context}"]
== Eventing system linking configuration

> The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} automatically creates Knative Eventing,SinkBindings, and triggers to link supporting services with the eventing system. These objects enable the production and consumption of events by the supporting services.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} automatically creates Knative Eventing, SinkBindings, and triggers to link supporting services with the eventing system. These objects enable the production and consumption of events by the supporting services.
```

> The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} automatically creates Knative Eventing, SinkBindings, and triggers to link supporting services with the eventing system. These objects enable the production and consumption of events by the supporting services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} automatically creates Knative Eventing, `SinkBindings`, and triggers to link supporting services with the eventing system. These objects enable the production and consumption of events by the supporting services.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * serverless-logic/serverless-logic-managing-supporting-services

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-eventing-system-config_{context}"]
= Supporting services eventing system configurations

> This section describes the supporting services eventing system configurations for a SonataFlow workflow.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This section describes the supporting services eventing system configurations.
```

In {ServerlessLogicProductName} installation, the following types of events are generated:

* Outgoing and incoming events related to workflow business logic.

* Events sent from workflows to the Data Index and Job Service.

* Events sent from the Job Service to the Data Index Service.

The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} leverages the Knative Eventing system to manage all event communication between these services, ensuring efficient and reliable event handling.

[id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-platform-scoped-eventing-system-config_{context}"]
== Platform-scoped eventing system configuration

To configure a platform-scoped eventing system, you can use the `spec.eventing.broker.ref` field in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR to reference a Knative Eventing Broker. This configuration instructs the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to automatically link the supporting services to produce and consume events using the specified Broker.

> Additionally, workflows deployed in the same namespace with the `preview` or `GitOps` profile, and without a custom eventing system configuration, will automatically link to the specified Broker.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Additionally, workflows deployed in the same namespace with the `preview` or `gitops` profile, and without a custom eventing system configuration, will automatically link to the specified Broker.
```

[NOTE]
====
In production environments, use a production-ready broker, such as the Knative Kafka Broker, for enhanced scalability and reliability.
====

The following example displays the Data Index eventing system configuration:

.Example of Data Index eventing system configuration 
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowPlatform
metadata:
  name: sonataflow-platform-example
spec:
  services:
    dataIndex:
      source:
        ref:
          name: data-index-source-example-broker <1>
          namespace: data-index-source-example-broker-namespace <2>
          apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
          kind: Broker
----

<1> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker from which the Data Index consumes events.
<2> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. By default, it uses the SonataFlowPlatform namespace. It is recommended to create the Knative Eventing Broker in the same namespace as the SonataFlowPlatform.

[id="serverless-logic-job-service-eventing-system-config_{context}"]

> == Jobs Service eventing system configuration

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Job Service eventing system configuration
```

> To configure a service-scoped eventing system for the Jobs Service, you must use the `spec.services.jobService.source.ref` and `spec.services.jobService.sink.ref` fields in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR. These fields instruct the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to automatically link the Jobs Service to consume and produce SonataFlow system events, based on the provided configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To configure a service-scoped eventing system for the Job Service, you must use the `spec.services.jobService.source.ref` and `spec.services.jobService.sink.ref` fields in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR. These fields instruct the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to automatically link the Job Service to consume and produce SonataFlow system events, based on the provided configuration.
```

[NOTE]
====
In production environments, use a production-ready broker, such as the Knative Kafka Broker, for enhanced scalability and reliability.
====

> The following example displays the Jobs Service eventing system configuration:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example displays the Job Service eventing system configuration:
```

> .Example of Jobs Service eventing system configuration 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.Example of Job Service eventing system configuration 
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowPlatform
metadata:
  name: sonataflow-platform-example
spec:
  services:
    jobService:
      source:
        ref:
          name: jobs-service-source-example-broker <1>
          namespace: jobs-service-source-example-broker-namespace <2>
          apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
          kind: Broker
      sink:
        ref:
          name: jobs-service-sink-example-broker <3>
          namespace: jobs-service-sink-example-broker-namespace <4>
          apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
          kind: Broker
----

> <1> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker from which the Jobs Service consumes events.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker from which the Job Service consumes events.
```

<2> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. By default, this is the SonataFlowPlatform namespace. It is recommended to create the Knative Eventing Broker in the same namespace as the SonataFlowPlatform.

> <3> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker on which the Jobs Service produces events.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<3> Specifies the Knative Eventing Broker on which the Job Service produces events.
```

<4> Optional: Defines the namespace of the Knative Eventing Broker. By default, this is the SonataFlowPlatform namespace. It is recommended to create the Knative Eventing Broker in the same namespace as the SonataFlowPlatform.

[id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-cluster-scoped-eventing-system-config_{context}"]
== Cluster-scoped eventing system configuration for Supporting Services

When you deploy cluster-scoped supporting services, the supporting services automatically link to the Broker specified in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR, which is referenced by the `SonataFlowClusterPlatform` CR.

[id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-eventing-system-precedence-rule_{context}"]
== Eventing system configuration precedence rules for Supporting Services

The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} follows a defined order of precedence to configure the eventing system for a supporting service. 

The rules are as follows:

> 1. If the supporting service has its own eventing system configuration, using either the Data Index eventing system or Jobs Service eventing system configuration, that configuration takes precedence.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. If the supporting service has its own eventing system configuration, using either the Data Index eventing system or Job Service eventing system configuration, that configuration takes precedence.
```

3. If the current cluster is configured with a Cluster-scoped eventing system, that configuration takes precedence.

4. If none of the previous configurations exist, the supporting service will use direct HTTP calls to deliver events.

[id="serverless-logic-eventing-system-linking-objects_{context}"]
== Eventing system linking configuration

The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} automatically creates Knative Eventing,SinkBindings, and triggers to link supporting services with the eventing system. These objects enable the production and consumption of events by the supporting services.

The following example displays the Knative Native eventing objects created for the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR:

.Example of SonataFlowPlatform eventing system configuration
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowPlatform
metadata:
  name: sonataflow-platform-example
  namespace: example-namespace
spec:
  eventing:
    broker:
      ref:
        name: example-broker <1>
        apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
        kind: Broker
  services:
    dataIndex: <2>
      enabled: true
    jobService: <3>
      enabled: true
----

> <1> Used by the Data Index, Jobs Service, and workflows, unless overridden.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Used by the Data Index, Job Service, and workflows, unless overridden.
```

<2> Data Index ephemeral deployment, configures the Data Index service.

> <3> Jobs Service ephemeral deployment, configures the Jobs Service.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<3> Jobs Service ephemeral deployment, configures the Job Service.
```

The following example displays how to configure a Knative Kafka Broker for use with the SonataFlowPlatform:

.Example of Knative Kafka Broker example used by the SonataFlowPlatform
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Broker
metadata:
  annotations:
    eventing.knative.dev/broker.class: Kafka <1>
  name: example-broker
  namespace: example-namespace
spec:
  config:
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    name: kafka-broker-config
    namespace: knative-eventing
----

<1> Use the Kafka class to create a Kafka Knative Broker.

> The following command displays the list of triggers set up for the Data Index and Jobs Service events, showing which services are subscribed to the events:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following command displays the list of triggers set up for the Data Index and Job Service events, showing which services are subscribed to the events:
```

> .Knative Eventing triggers created for the Data Index and Jobs Service events consumption

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.Knative Eventing triggers created for the Data Index and Job Service events consumption
```

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get triggers -n example-namespace
----

.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                                        BROKER           SINK                                                       AGE   CONDITIONS   READY   REASON
data-index-jobs-fbf285df-c0a4-4545-b77a-c232ec2890e2        example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-data-index-service     106s  7 OK / 7    True    -
data-index-process-definition-e48b4e4bf73e22b90ecf7e093ff6b1eaf   example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-data-index-service     106s  7 OK / 7    True    -
data-index-process-error-fbf285df-c0a4-4545-b77a-c232ec2890e2   example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-data-index-service     106s  7 OK / 7    True    -
data-index-process-instance-mul35f055c67a626f51bb8d2752606a6b54   example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-data-index-service     106s  7 OK / 7    True    -
data-index-process-node-fbf285df-c0a4-4545-b77a-c232ec2890e2      example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-data-index-service     106s  7 OK / 7    True    -

> data-index-process-sla-fbf285df-c0a4-4545-b77a-c232ec2890e2       example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-data-index-service     106s  7 OK / 7    True    -

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

data-index-process-state-fbf285df-c0a4-4545-b77a-c232ec2890e2     example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-data-index-service     106s  7 OK / 7    True    -
data-index-process-variable-ac727d6051750888dedb72f697737c0dfbf   example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-data-index-service     106s  7 OK / 7    True    -

> jobs-service-create-job-fbf285df-c0a4-4545-b77a-c232ec2890e2    example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-jobs-service         106s  7 OK / 7    True    -

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

jobs-service-create-job-fbf285df-c0a4-4545-b77a-c232ec2890e2    example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-jobs-service         106s  7 OK / 7    True    -
```

jobs-service-delete-job-fbf285df-c0a4-4545-b77a-c232ec2890e2    example-broker   service:sonataflow-platform-example-jobs-service         106s  7 OK / 7    True    -
----

> To see the SinkBinding for the Jobs Service, use the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To see the SinkBinding for the Job Service, use the following command:
```
